This is going to be a really special episode because like always we have Adam who is my
whitest white friend and we have Ken who is my least white white friend and he's going to be
less colliding on this episode.
That was a good one, that was a good one.
He said he really is so fucking white it's unbelievable.
You know he's literally never left Missouri.
I've what I've left with. Ken has seen me. I went to Atlanta, I went to Atlanta somewhere.
Atlanta, what was that like? Did you actually go?
No, no, no, I was trying to figure out if he I don't think. Yeah, yeah, I went.
Come for the render. Wait, what? Oh, no, I didn't go to everything.
I didn't go to all the extracurricular activities.
Even if you did, I wouldn't have remembered it.
It was clarifying. I have always completely out of control. It was fucking awesome.
Everyone says all about about render. It gets bigger every year.
That's what she said.
Oh, my fucking stomach.
Hello. Hey, there. How do I sound?
Different. Does it sound lower or talk again? I might have just had it turned up too a lot.
I think more echo probably, right? Yeah, more echo. Yeah.
I moved. I can't even tell. That's crazy.
That's exactly the same, right? It really does.
That's so funny. It kind of sucks that it's so much effort to do this.
Like I had so much shit mounted on the wall. I had to like unscrew it,
move it over, re-measure stuff, re-screw stuff. You put in all that work and then there's no
difference. You can't tell the difference. Yeah. Why is the audio echo-y just haven't
got to be on the walls yet or something? I have no clue. I don't know what I'm missing in this
room that was absorbing the echo. I think it's a curtains. I didn't put the curtains on.
Ah. Could be it? This side. But yeah, I can't tell. I might need to get...
I had a rug before, but I got rid of that a while ago. I might need to get a rug.
Do you have any soundproofing? My entire walls are covered in acoustic panels.
You can see one of them over my shoulder. Oh, I can see that there.
Yeah. It's so... I like, my brain refuses to believe that they do anything.
It's just... Oh man, they do... I just can't believe it.
Like, I before this room was awful and now you can't... Like, if I'm in my office and my doors open,
people can't hear me. Like, when I'm yelling across the house trying to yell out from my office,
you just can't even hear... Like, it absorbs all the sound. It's crazy.
Do you think... So, I have this one wall here. I think if I just put some here,
it would, like, make a difference? I'm sure it would. I mean, every little bit would
probably make a difference. I don't know the... Yeah, I might do that.
Like, I just went with the shotgun approach and I covered all the walls. I could have gone
less if I were smart and knew how sound bounces around. I think you can, like, strategically
place them. It has to do with where you're facing when you're speaking, I guess.
Yeah. Which I'm kind of leaning towards this wall, so I think it would make sense, but...
I don't know. Yeah, I don't know why it would sound any different. It must be the curtains.
I like these big blackout curtains that probably did a lot.
It doesn't sound bad. Just different. Just a little bit different.
It's the only sign that you've moved.
It's crazy. I guess we're not going to stream, right?
Well, I can't because my... This is the worst day for all of this because I...
So, of course, okay, listen to this process. I went on my Xfinity because I used Xfinity
for internet. I went on the app last week, scheduled my move. They were like, "Guess what,
you don't need a technician. You can just move your equipment yourself and it's all going to work."
And I'm like, "That's convenient." So then yesterday I did that and I plugged it in. And, of course,
nothing worked. My account was in some weird state that it got confused that I didn't have service.
The first I thought it was an issue on their end. Got that fixed. Still not working.
We had to send a technician. The technician comes out today. He goes to the box on the right
and he's like, "There's no signal coming to this box." And he ends up having to run a cable.
He went across the street, pulled out a giant ladder, climbed up a telephone pole.
Ran a new line. Apparently the old line was just busted. I don't know. It was just up working at some
point. Yeah. Ran an old line all the way across my house, then set it up. And now it's working,
but random websites are really flaky. They'll work for a while and they'll stop.
But then the whole internet's having issues today, so I can't debug what the problem is.
I think that's probably the transatlantic or whatever it was. There was a cable
under the seat. Where was it? Isn't the Middle East or something that was damaged?
Yeah, but I don't know if that one is affecting Miami, Florida. What's traveling across?
Well, yeah, I guess, I don't know. The cascading effects of the internet.
Yeah. Maybe a stuff is getting me routed or something and stuff is overwhelmed.
It'd be weird to me if you ran a new cable and some websites are a little flaky.
That seems to match the symptoms. The point of the wire that carries Twitter is broken.
Like if you have certain colors on your website, they just get mixed up on the cable.
Yeah. So it's just annoying to debug. So I think I hope it's not because if it's an issue on my end,
like, I don't even know how they're going to debug this. It's just a hard thing to figure out.
I heard I didn't even read the article, but I heard Discord and there were like a few services,
all the Facebook services were out, maybe. All the Facebook ones. Yeah, there was a lot.
If you go to downdetector.com, there was like a spike in like so many unrelated services.
Downdetector.com. I've never heard of such as actually brilliant.
They don't even monitor anything. They just keep track of the number of times people visit
their website. What? And then that that's the analytic. Isn't that crazy?
Wait, say it again. They don't monitor anything.
So it's not like they have like servers pulling all these services.
If you search like is Twitter down and you click the link, it takes you to downdetector.com/Twitter
and you like plus one, they're counter. And whenever stuff is down, a bunch of people
start visiting this site and they're effectively self-reporting. Hey, I'm having a problem with this
site. Yeah. It's brilliant. That is pretty smart. It doesn't work when you type in Twitter,
because it's now X. Twitter outages reported in the last 24 hours. Huh. So yeah, lots of sites
showing down on downdetector. Yeah. So I can't tell. And it's like, it's really flaky. I think
whenever stuff is broken, I'm like hitting Google and Google seems to work. So I don't think it's a
problem. I end, but yeah, it's just, I'm just not going to know, still in the process of moving.
I've been doing like a little bit every day. How long is this going to stretch out? How long do you
have to get stuff out of the other house? No one's taking the other house yet. Like, I actually
showed someone around it today. No one's, no one's pulled the trigger. So we're going to try to get
it done by today or tomorrow. We did like one big push, Sunday and Monday. And so yeah, moving sucks.
At least I guess it's next door. So you didn't have to have a truck and do the whole loading the
truck thing. Yeah. That part sucks. And like, if you put stuff in a moving van, it will get destroyed.
I don't know if you've ever like, oh, yeah, we move from New York to Miami. Oh, in a truck. Yeah.
Like everything gets destroyed. Like they all just fight each other. All your things just go
at each other and they destroy each other. I move the most delicate LG OLED TV. It is like,
it is so okay. You know how they were like, they kept making TVs thinner and thinner.
They've got to thin now where like, I can barely move like whenever I move it, it's so, it's such
like a scary process because it just like bends and like, yeah, it's too thin. Like a piece of paper
completely fine, but they put so much work in like box. They like reboxed it. They wrapped it
a million times to put in the box and they wrap the box of bunch and they put blankets all around
it. So that one made it easily. Summer clothes got a little messed up. You know what's crazy about
those moves. So those long distance moves from New York to Miami, they show up in a truck. It's
a normal city truck and then they load everything in and you're like, okay, I guess they're on their
way to Miami now. They're not. They go to a warehouse, then they unload everything. What?
And then they wait a couple days or maybe like a week to like accrue a bunch of things.
Then they show up in a semi in like a bigger, like those bigger, bigger trucks like the tractor
trailer trucks. Yeah, semi truck is what you're going to say. I think. Yeah. Then they load it back
in, then they drive it all the way down, unload it into another warehouse, then get a city
truck loaded onto a city truck and drive it to your house. So they wait until multiple people are
moving to the same place and then they like transport all at once. Yeah, they have it all scheduled
because like they like pick up, you know, three or four people that do like three or four days of
city pickups, then they'll do like one big move. But yeah, the thing that sucks is your stuff is
getting loaded unloaded like four times in that process. And of course, it's not going to get
damaged. Yeah. Yeah. So in that move, I would say overall we came out not bad. Like our colds
were actually fine. Just a box that was in them, but like got crushed. But the colds were fine.
Plates. We lost a bunch of plates. And I think that was, I think everything else was intact.
A little bit of our couch, like there was like a, like a stand, like the bottom portion that
the couch sits on, like one of the stands in the middle broke, but like you can't really see that
anyway. So yeah, overall, not bad. Yeah, I've, I've had movers move me and things went pretty well.
And then I move myself once things did not go as well. I am not as good at packing as professional
movers. It turns out professional movers are so impressive. Yeah, they really are so good. They move,
they move fast too. So we had two guys come and help us yesterday morning, because we had a few
heavy items like we're gonna have someone help us. And I think movers are always like one or two,
one of two stereotypes. And I've only ever had the first stereotype up until yesterday. The first
stereotype is like, just the stockiest people you've ever seen. Like they're like squares and,
and like they can just lift anything. And they don't like look, like you never see them on the
street and be like, Oh, that person's like really strong. It's just, they are like super dense.
Yeah. The two guys that showed up yesterday, both of them were like six foot four super lean,
and they looked like NBA players. It was like, they both look super athletic. Yeah. And they
just were like, they just like lifted everything. And just when you have that much, I guess a leverage,
or both super lengthy, like super long arms, super long legs, and they were just like, huh,
yeah, they make quick work of most of the things. And they're like, that was really easy. And I was
like, that doesn't not look easy. But we have one of those egg barbecue things. Oh, yeah, big green
egg. My dad's super happy. I have a I have a Kamado Joe, which is a red one. Wait, what?
Is that better than the big green egg? I think so. But you know, it's like, what what really is
a difference? I don't know who knew there were two companies that make egg shaped grills.
I learned something new today. I so when I bought this Kamado Joe grill,
it's what's called Kamado Joe. The reason it's called that is because this type of grill
originated in Japan called a Kamado grill. Obviously American version of it Kamado Joe.
And I remember I was like looking up stuff and there's like all these YouTube videos made by
them. There's like a huge community of people like making YouTube videos for it. And like,
they're big successful company. I'm like, man, it must be so fun to work at a company like this.
Like you do all you do is make these barbecues. Everyone loves your product. Like it's good time.
Like you genuinely everyone's super happy to buy your stuff. And you just go in every day and you
like you make these egg shaped ceramic grills. And that's that's that's like your life and your
passion and what you think about it. I think that's, man, that sounds really fun. You don't
think you'd get bored? Like, I can't imagine that there's that much to think about. I mean,
maybe maybe they like improved their manufacturing over times. There's like, I will say the thing
that they go crazy. Okay. So the grill itself, if you buy like the midsize one that you probably
get, it's around like $1,200. If you go crazy with accessories, you can buy like $2,000 or $3,000
with accessories on top because they have found a way to make this thing do literally anything.
So if you want to like cook pizza in it, there's like a pizza of an attachment.
There's a there's an airflow event at the bottom. And so we use to control how much oxygen it's
getting to control the temperature. They built like this $400 fan that you like connect into
it. And it's like a smart fan. It connects to your phone. And it keeps the temperature inside of
the thing. And it like controls how much oxygen is going in. So it's like precisely the right
temperature at all times. So it's like, yeah, so they go crazy coming up with these like additional
things. That's not just making the round ceramic grill. Like that would get boring, I would think.
But if you keep coming up with new products, I guess that's exciting.
Yeah, I think the mission is just what's funny. It's like your ultimate mission is just so people
make good food and are happy. It's like so simple and straightforward. And no one can really argue
with it. Never considered life in a job like that or any other job really, I guess.
Yeah, do you ever think about like, like I wish I'd gone into this instead of what I do like
a different industry or like my like craft is different. Yeah, like a completely different
profession, just like a completely different job, not programming. Yeah, I do. But then I'm like,
I just I have such a hard time imagining it because I can't imagine myself looking good at anything
else. So it might when I try to imagine I just imagine myself sucking at some random thing. And
I'm like, that isn't fun. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, I just I just read something yesterday. Or no,
I heard it on a podcast, I think. The guy Countyport wrote Deep Work, he was on the Rich Roll podcast,
and he was talking about, I think that's why I read it or heard it. Maybe not. Maybe this is a
completely separate thought, but it was about like passion and how you don't like, you don't
like pursue your passion when you're looking for your career. It's like you develop a passion
when you gain expertise in a thing. I don't know, maybe that's common knowledge, but kind of hit
me is like, huh, I guess I wasn't passionate about programming when I started programming. I didn't
know anything about it. But then eventually you become really passionate the more you do it and
the more you like it and the more you get good at it and all that. Yeah, interesting. Yeah,
once you're good at something and just addictive, because like there's no better feeling than
family can know what you're doing. So yeah, I'm also addicted to things I'm terrible at though,
like jiu-jitsu. So I don't know what that's about. I think I'm going to be good someday. And that's
why I'm hooked. I don't know. That's good, though. That's like what people struggle with, right?
People have a hard time going back to feeling like they're a beginner. So if you don't have that,
it's kind of like a superpower. Yeah, have you ever played golf? No, but I keep finding golf
balls all around my new house. So I think the people that lived, you know, the three. Wait,
do you remember me telling you that I like live next, sort of these three frat guys?
Oh, yeah. Is this their house? And now I live in their house. Yeah.
And now when I see the backyard, I'm like, oh, no wonder they were just always throwing parties,
because this is like the perfect party backyard, especially if you're like a picture. Yeah.
Yeah. Especially if you're like that age, like probably very few people have access to
like a place like that. But yeah, I would always see them with golf bags in the mornings. And I
think they were just like hitting golf balls around in the backyard. I was like, you know,
how the fake grass? Well, golf is a sport that's notoriously hard to master. And you basically,
you go play golf and you're terrible. And you're chasing balls all over. You're digging to the
woods looking for your ball. It's just like an awful time. But then you hit like one good shot
every time you go. And that keeps you coming back. You think about that shot. That's all you
think about after that round of golf. It's like, man, I hit that ball well. And then you come back
for the next round and it's misery again. You're just you're terrible. Everything's going poorly.
You hit him in the lake, you hit him all over, and you get that one shot. And it's like a different
club this time. Like, I actually hit a four iron today. That was amazing. So it's an interesting
sport in that it's just pain all the time. But then those little glimmers of hope keep you hooked.
You get really addicted. I get really addicted. I get addicted to everything, whatever.
Well, it's funny because the way you describe that, I feel like certain like games or like
mobile games are like there's things that are like engineered to have that exact pattern where
it's like mostly frustration where they like feed you one little thing that feels like progress at
the right cadence and then it's like the recipe for addiction. Isn't it crazy that like you read
these articles about companies, social media companies and all these companies that are like
figuring out how to like release the right amount of dopamine in your brain at the right time.
Like all this like engineering of addiction, like who are the people doing it though? Because like
I've worked at tech companies, I guess. And like I'm trying to think who is the person that data
scientists and do they realize that's what they're doing or are they just like giving a bunch of
like data sets and they're like, hey, figure out how to make this number go up. Or does somebody
know like I'm literally like engineering people's brains to be addicted to this thing. Is there a
person at the company that knows that? I think there's it's funny because my first reaction was I
don't think I think yes, but I think most people aren't competent enough to think that way. That's
kind of what comes to mind because like when you're talking about this, I thought about Nikita beer
and like he definitely like really thinks about this stuff. Oh, yeah, it's super aware of exactly
the dynamics. I then I remember this thing I saw this new season reaction with him in Paul Graham
yesterday. No, on Twitter, Paul Graham posted a chart. Okay, a growth chart had no labels that
didn't say what app it was. It was and he commented. This is an interesting app because they get
a big spike because this app relates to people's new year's resolutions with the app works so then
like they actually retain all this people like so every year like a spike and they actually do
retain them. And I was like, okay, that was interesting. Then Nikita beer replies going,
is this a language learning app? And then Paul Graham was like, yeah, and then he like linked
the company. I'm finally saying publicly. He just looked at it. I was like, this has to be a
language learning app. Wow. Yeah, that guy, he's the, I guess, the world expert and like at least
with phones, how to give people a dig to just something. Yeah, product. Yeah. Huh. And how to make
it something people want to share and all those things. Yeah, he thinks about this stuff all the
time, doesn't he? But I don't think of him as like evil. I don't know the person I'm describing,
like at the evil big company is like, I'm going to make them spend more time on their phone. And I
don't think of him that way. I think that I think the smarter you are, the easier it is to create a
story that doesn't sound so evil to yourself. Maximizing shareholder value. I don't think anyone's
out there like, I love being evil. All right. I'm sure they like wrap it in like all kinds of,
all kinds of whatever. And you're not evil. It's not like you have to convince yourself you're not
evil. Like you're not. It's just like, I don't know, where did I just hear about?
Did I watch something? Did I watch a documentary or something? I don't know. I just, I feel like
this is top of mind with like how much time we spend on our phones, how they're destroying all
these social constructs and most of modern society. And we're all addicted and yada yada. I mean,
it's the same stuff like we all know, but we keep doing it. Do you just like, do you think it's fine?
And it all just might go away and like, we'll figure it out how to adapt and evolve with these
things. I think I can speak in the QA. He tweeted something the other day that where he was like,
I stare at my phone all day because it's so damn interesting. Something like that.
In a lot of ways, it can be that simple. Like, maybe it's just one of the most genuinely
interesting things that's happening in the world. Not saying it's the only interesting thing,
but yeah, maybe we wouldn't be so glued to our phones if they weren't the most interesting
thing in the world. I mean, his perspective would be that, right? Because he makes these apps that
do really well. I know what it was. It was on the Bill Simmons podcast he had somebody on. I can't
remember. And they talked about the future of everything, which I thought was funny because that's
kind of what our podcast is labeled as, but we only talk about programming and stupid stuff. I don't
know. No, this guy was like a research scientist or something. I don't know. He writes for variety.
I don't know. He's a writer. Wait, Bill Simmons podcast covers like random shit like that?
Oh, yeah. Lots of pop culture stuff.
Oh, okay. Our guest is here. Look at that. So I have a funny story. I don't think I ever told
you this can. But a few years ago, when I first found your Twitter, I was like, oh, this guy is
hilarious. And then I was, I went to Liz, and I was like, look at this guy. He's an engineer,
but like, he's so funny and so different from what you'd expect. And she looks at your profile,
and she like got kind of upset. She was like, are you guys just laughing at him? Because he's
lying. I was like, you know, I totally get why she thought that you definitely 100% give off that
vibe. That's so fucking funny. You know, it's, you know, here's a funny thing. So I get that a lot,
right? But what also happens a lot is anywhere I go internationally, especially in Europe, right?
It doesn't matter like what like, you know, like you think like of like a Swede, it's like this
tall fucking blonde guy or something, right? You think like, oh, well, you know, Italian, right?
Mustache and all that shit. But no matter, no matter what country you're in, there's always
that like phenotype of dude that is like the bald, like so three fuck, right? So inevitably,
inevitably, whatever I'm over there, like they'll try to talk to me in the language because they
think that I'm from there, just because like there's that fucking guy everywhere. You're right.
Yeah. If you're in Turkey, totally see if you're in Greece, totally see it. Like, yeah, you kind
of work anywhere. Like, I don't fucking speak Polish. I'm like, I thought I was fucking
I had this unbelievable. I have the same thing everywhere else in the world. Like, if I go to
I'm anywhere like, well, and they think I'm like Dominican, if I'm in Asia, I think I'm like from
Middle East, North African. So I definitely, I definitely blend in as well. I believe it.
What about you, Adam? The people mistake you for it. They mostly think I'm white. Yeah,
they mostly think I'm Caucasian. That's what I get a lot. That's fair. Yeah. What is, uh,
what does this might cover you have on there? On mine? Yeah, it's white, you know, it's my
it's like a place in the UK that sells these colored, of course, and they're not colored.
Yeah. It's amazing. Every single SM7B owner in the world, it looks like this. And then of course,
your mind is one is a one is a one one. Yeah, it kind of makes me look like white.
It's like fucking lip scan on it from like, yeah, I noticed it aggressively the other day.
I noticed that the mind's getting kind of gross and the white shows it really bad.
It's like, I guess I touch it. Mine just covered in like a lint and dog hair and
Oh, that's bullshit. I don't even know. Can you clean this? Do you clean it?
Okay, no, I don't know. I don't know. You guys replace it. It's really just
replacing. Just be a consumer DAX order. It's like, it's like the, um, like,
did you see where they, they, uh, they clean like the stadium seats? No, like burn off the first,
like you never saw that. No. Oh, dude. So like, like, imagine like some like,
like minor league baseball stadium, right? That's been there for like 30 years and the seats,
they now like plastic looks real shitty, like subway seat, right? Like an old playground swing.
There's this dude and he goes around and you take like a blow towards like a roofing torch
and you go, and it's like brand new looking. Wow.
We're gonna burn off a layer. I like melts back the first layer or some shit, but like, dude,
like you want to talk about like a satisfying video, right? You see these videos that are like,
you, you watch it and you're like, right? Yeah. You know, have you ever been, have you ever like
power washed? Oh, yeah. I do. Yeah. But like this shit, making a seat new again? Oh,
did you? I watched it. I'm like, oh, this is just.
Did you, uh, did you see the thing where the person was cleaning the, I think it was like a
bus seat that was fucked up? So you know how like bus seats are like fabric, but they're always
like some crazy ass pattern. Yeah. The crazy pattern is there because they're fucking disgusting.
Like he was pulling out a bucket of dirt out of the bus seat. Oh, that's good. And people like fall
asleep on that with a fucking mouth and eyes on it and shit. Yeah. So if you're on public,
don't sit down. That's what I've learned. I've seen a lot of videos on buses to show
all these things happening and I don't like it. I mean, I've never really taken a bus.
I mean, I took it in New York sometimes. People thrown up shitting, pissing. Have you ever been
have you ever been in like the back of an Uber where you like could tell that like, you know,
there was some partying going on prior? Yes. Yes. We've, I think we've all been there.
I'm like, did somebody puke in this fucking car? Oh, I definitely puked out of a lot of
Ubers. I feel like I've always made it to like pull a window open or pull the door open.
It's a, it's a good sweaty looking hair tie in the floor. Oh, man.
I saw, I saw you were saying the weather was good by you. You were doing some outside stuff.
Well, the, the, uh, the weekend was lovely. It was unbelievable. It was like 65 degrees.
I mean, it's been like like 22 degrees. Yeah. So when it's like 65 degrees and like,
it's like that like nourishing sun, you know, like, like I don't know. This time of year,
like the sun gets brighter. Like it wasn't as brighter. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Um,
and like now it's just like bright as shit and like you can like sit there and it's like 65
degrees out, but it feels like 75 because you're getting kind of toasted if you're in direct sunlight.
So when that happens, you know, like if it was in the middle of summer, 65 degrees, I'd be like,
I'll give me a hoodie. But like now 65 degrees. I'm like, oh man, I was like, I'm gonna go out here
shirtless and make hamburgers. And that is a thing though. Like I remember, because I went
living in the Northeast, uh, when it would get a little cold in like September, I'd be like freezing
my ass off and I wear a sweater. Same temperature in March. I'm like in shorts without a shirt on.
And it feels fucking amazing. Yeah, fucking cowabunga.
Kim, do you have a, an egg shaped grill? No, I actually don't. And I actually have like a
a portfolio of grills. If you go out of my deck right now, there's, there's three or four grills
in a row. Wow. Like the pellet smoker, the, the gas weber, the flat top blackstone. I think
there's a, yeah, I have like a, uh, uh, like a charcoal. It's a funny grill. It's like a little
charcoal grill, like a apparently some kind of like Japanese kabob grill or some shit, but uh,
it's, it's paid by supreme or at least in collaboration with supreme.
I was like, oh, I'm like, uh, you know who got it? Eric Lewis. Eric Lewis was like,
I just got the supreme grill and I'm like, I'm like, I must have it when I like stock X.
You got this stuff. We got our stock X. Oh my God. Yeah. Yeah. I even bought it after market.
What is stock X? I've never heard of stock X. It's like if there's like popular sneakers
that like sold out and you want to buy them for double the price, you go on stock X.
Oh, okay. You don't get the initial drop. Yeah. Okay.
Yeah. They're a hot start up for a while. I know a few people that work there. I think they're in
New York maybe. Uh, which one of your girls do you use the most? What's your go to?
That's hard to say. Probably the webber right now. Yeah. Um, but it's, it's different things,
right? Like if I'm going to make smash burgers, I'll do it on the, um, the flat top.
A lot of breakfast on the, on the flat top. Um, one thing that I do
hilariously on the flat top is hibachi. Oh, did you do all the tricks?
I'm okay now. Like, so I got it. Like I got it. Like I was like, oh, this is like,
this is like a hibachi thing. So I have to do about you. So I did like private hibachi
with like my immediate family. Um, and then my wife's sister found out about this
and said that, oh, you like, you have to cook hibachi for everybody. It's like an endless summer.
So they go and they get me like the hibachi hat. Oh, uh, headband.
Like, uh, the whole, the whole setup, even like the little dude who pisses out the,
the onion volcano, the shorts come out. So like I have, I have, I have all the paraphernalia.
Like if you, if you were there to witness it, it was unbelievable. Cause like made like,
like canonical hibachi, but like was shit faced the entire time. Like, I think I drank like
two or three bottles of sake while cooking it. And I had like traditional Japanese music playing
way, way too loud on the outdoor speakers. It was like a real, it was just a real event.
It was pretty funny. I haven't, I don't think I've met anyone that can drink like you.
Cause the last time we hung out, so Ken showed up and he already drank like six old fashions
or something crazy. Uh, I couldn't even tell that he were drunk. I think he had like three or four
more again at the place. And I was like, I think if I had three or four, I'd be like knocked out
a lot of practice. I'm like, all right, I'm going to go hit the hotel jam. We'll see you later.
And you wake up early too, right? I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think today was five.
Yeah. Do you go to bed early? Like what, what is, I don't imagine you go to bed early.
It's, it depends, right? Like, usually it's like an 11 30 type thing.
11 30 to five. But it can go as far as three. It can go as early as 10.
You still get up early when you stay up late? Yeah. Oh, that's the, that's the funniest part.
Is that no matter how late I go to bed, I still wake up at the same time.
Yeah. I know that feeling. Yeah. So I can like be out till three and like wake up five and I'm like,
well, fuck here we go. Still drunk. Yeah, like all like wake up and like vape a little like go like
drink like hotel, faucet, water. I'm like, ah, do you know what I'm talking about? Yeah.
You know, like when you've drank all the water bottles in the hotel room and it's next morning,
like they haven't before I should give you enough to sit there and like cup and faucet water in your
mouth. Like this is like a such a problem in hotels. Like I feel like I'm always like,
you think a hotel gives you like figures of the war situation for you, but they never do.
I just insta cart. No, I insta cart big packages of water to the hotel. Yeah.
Is that not a thing people do? I always have like tons of fries that you said that,
but that was literally never crossed my mind in my whole life. I mean, I travel like three times a
year. So I'm not going to like not have water when I'm away. It really depends on the hotel.
Like there's like this really nice hotel in Chicago that I used to stay in, where like
every night before bed they would put on like opera on this Bose thing. So like you walk in and like
opera is playing in your room and yeah, yeah. And there's like they had like branded like milk
cartons of water that were really, really cute. And like they'd have like a water for you and like
the slippers like on like a folded towel on the ground. Right. And it's a funny thing because I
would slay the water and like I can't tell you how many times I walked in like shitface and then
woke up in the morning and the opera is still playing. I never turned out to turn it off.
That and like, do you know when you walk in a hotel room and it's like the introductory
fucking like it's like, it's like, it's like welcome mister. I'm a TV. I never shut the shit off.
I don't I don't really watch TV. So like never. I just fall asleep and I wake up and I should
still go. That's funny. Yeah. Yeah. It's a weird thing. Like I like, I know some people will go
and they'll watch TV, but I don't. I just like fuck around on my phone. Oh, yeah. I mean,
does anyone even use a TV today's in the hotel? Like what's a point? Some people do. Some people
watch TV. Do people still buy porn on TV? Like that one I never understood. Like, is that still
thing people do? It's still a thing that you can do. Well, I stayed at a hotel the other day or like
a couple months ago. And that was like so prominently featured as a feature of this TV. And I was like,
who is still doing this in like 2024? It's expensive. It's like 20 something bucks expensive. I did it
once in Atlantic City. And it was more of like a joke thing. Yeah. Was it worth it? I was like,
dare my wife? It wouldn't know. No, no, it's not like a like a solo thing. Like, how do you not have
access to this? Yeah, your phone. Exactly. I just doesn't make any sense. It's just like the wrong.
It's like a commercial category, you know? Yeah, exactly. Yeah, even if you want to pay,
this election is gonna be better on your phone. So I don't get it infinitely better. There's
and there's some like hotels here. Like it's more motels. It's still like advertised that as like
a feature of the hotel, like on their front signs are like what? Motel. Adult films,
exclamation point. Yeah, dude. I mean, it is Miami. So a little different. Speaking of when
you're moving here, I don't know. I'd like to. You know, that's that's largely rates dependent.
Yeah. I know. We're all traps right now. Mm hmm. Rates and price. And I'm like,
fuck, dude, I'm gonna have to live in this place. I mean, these worst places to live. But
I'm like, stuck in New Jersey for us in my life. I lived in a five mile radius for 38 years so far.
So it's not like devastating, but yeah, Adam's in the same thing, right? Yeah. I mean, well,
we moved like two hours away. I've been the Ozarks my whole life. Adam's lived in Florida for a year.
Oh, I didn't. I lived in Naples. Yeah. How'd that go? It was good. I mean, Naples is different
than Miami. I don't know if you're aware, but it's, you know, I know. Very old people,
which is our speed. We brought the Ozarks to Florida. It was nice. I remember I was asking
you and you told me about the Ozarks. I was like, oh, man, that's like, that must be amazing. You
like go out on like boats and go fishing and you're, and you're, and you're, it's the funniest
fucking thing you can go to. No, I'm a bit of an endorsement. I was like, dude, that's the funniest
thing I've ever heard my entire life. I've never gotten hunting like all my friends growing up,
like got out of school to go deer hunting. I've literally never, never been in the woods and hunted
an animal and I live in like the capital of it in the world. Oh, it's like the best. I had deer
soup for lunch. I saw you like that venison stew for the week. That look good. Yep. Yeah,
it was tasty. Did you kill the deer or did you like buy it at the store? Yeah. Wow. Just like
went out in the woods in New Jersey and shot it. New Jersey's got a lot of. Wow. Really? I just
think of the population of deer. Yeah, it's a problem. Doing so is actually like a conservationist. Yeah,
serve. Yeah. Yeah. I encourage it. You're managing the habitat capacity. I just don't imagine woods.
Like, are you close to New York or not so much? Here's the thing about New Jersey and a lot of
these places, right? Is that along the edge, right? Like the ocean? Yeah. Right? It's all,
it's very built up. Yeah. Right? But like you go like one or two towns back and it's like
extremely wooded. Okay. So there's actually a lot of like, like woods. Yeah. I guess I've never
been to any part of New Jersey that's not connected to New York City. Yeah. Well, that's
the thing. Like you have no more Jersey, right? And that goes actually in a little bit farther.
But down by me, I mean, you go like one or two towns back and you are just in the woods. Yeah.
I mean, it's called the Garden State and the place where I'm from is, it's like almost rural.
Like it's built up a little bit now because all like a bunch of suburbs got put in there. But
if you're driving along the road, like you think you're in like a rural area,
so New Jersey is small, but it's actually pretty beautiful in some parts minus the parts that are
like spewing out of New York. Like everything else is pretty nice. It's interesting because
there's a lot of variety in such a small space. You know, like like down like where I grew up,
it's like it's like Laguna Beach. Everyone's like surfing and like up north and it's a funny
thing that happens because like most cities are contained by their state. Whereas New York City
is like at the absolute dick tip of New York State and like the sprawl like when you would like
look at like Greater Atlanta, right? Like you know, you have like all these townships that are like
still Georgia and they're like Greater like Greater New York is is like mostly New Jersey and like
Connecticut and then like you get like like Westchester and stuff like that. But it's funny to me
that like everybody in New York is like fucking New Jersey, you know, from New York to right like
literally half of the New York metropolitan areas in fucking New Jersey, including the Statue
of Liberty. You're from fucking Ohio fucking moved here two years ago. Shut the fuck up.
It's unbelievable.
Yeah, that's very accurate. That's that's the vibe. I mean, yeah, Ken described it once as
mid-westerners work. Yeah, like half New York. It's super accurate. It's crazy accurate. It's
like a checklist on like they got to live in New York for two years before they leave and they go
there and then yeah, it's like you see that all the time. They go there and buy some expensive
boots start putting down New Jersey. New Jersey is great. I feel like more people should consider
it as a bad rep because of the butt of every joke, but honestly like it's some pretty good spots.
It's a little expensive and it had over legislated. Yeah, it is. In my opinion.
However, like there is a lot going on. I think that was code for something,
but I didn't get it. No, no, it's not code for anything. You know, there's like a variety of
things to do. There's all kinds of shit going on. A lot of different, you know, like if you go like
Northwest, it's like woods and mountains and shit. And if you go like all the way down south,
it's like the word of shit.
Are you sure you have the pineberries? I have been to South Jersey like twice.
Yeah, yeah, that could really, really interesting. There's like dudes like like NASCAR jackets on
and you're like fuck, he's going like yeah, it's wild. It's a it's a really diverse. I mean,
the people too super diverse. Like you'll run to every kind of person, which means there's like
every kind of food also, which is I took that for granted. Like whenever whenever I meet people
from anywhere else, like they just don't know about certain kinds of food. Like my wife didn't
have Indian food until she was like 24 or something. And it's like wild to me. It's the best. It's
unbelievable. I word. Yeah, I can't believe you have Indian food in by you, Adam, right? You said
there's a place you're not supposed to wear shoes and you're not supposed to wear shoes in Indian
place. I don't yeah, but you know what? I don't think you know how hard like Indian food and
Edison, New Jersey goes. It's like getting pizza. It's like it's kind of like getting pizza in the
rest of the country. Yeah, right? Like if you get like pizza outside of the Northeast and you know,
okay, Chicago, I hear you, but you know, you get like outside of there, right? Like the pizza is
like, you know, I'm sure pizza is delicious and it's good, but it's not the same. If you're out in
like like Edison, there's like levels to the shit Jersey City, right? Like it's not just,
it's not just like the one kind of Indian or the one good grade of Indian with the red and green
salt, right? I don't really eat. I don't really eat Indian food here in the Ozarks. I guess it's
just when I travel and we make some stuff, but it's not, I'm sure it's not what Dax could make
or his family could make. I don't know. I can't make shit. No, no, no, I can't make shit. My mom,
though, my mom is an amazing cook. I think you've talked about it before. It sounds so good. Yeah,
so it's funny that Ken brought Edison. Let me pull up. You know, she would not mind dropping
some shit off, I'm sure. I was just trying to go over there, but yeah, no, no, no, I'm coordinating
this very specifically. Yeah, Adam, you don't understand when Kansas Edison, New Jersey, like,
if you go there, you will think you're in India. So I moved to New Jersey, like, I guess it was like
30 or 25 years ago, something like that. And it was kind of Indian back then, but now it's just like,
it's just every person you see is Indian, every business is like an Indian business.
Like it is insane. And it's like spreading from there. It's like, like, like street signs,
like Gandhi street. And that happened so quick. It was like the last three decades, I would say.
And then there's like specialty supermarkets where you can get shit that you like can't get.
Yeah. Yeah. Like, I know there's like the, there's an Asian supermarket, you can get like durians there and
shit. Oh, yeah. Those are the smelly ones, right? All kinds of like wild import shit.
Yeah. Yeah. The forbidden ingredients.
Well, you know, it was a trip was the, the bats temple. Did you see when I posted about that?
I saw it. I saw it. I don't know. I don't know. I'm not right. So like, apparently, like,
one of the largest Hindu temples, like, I don't know, like second or third largest in the world or
something they built, not even in that part of New Jersey. And like, in like the woods part of
near like, I was out at like there's like this like sculpture garden, right? We can go to this,
like French restaurant and get all tipsy off champagne and then walk around like a sculpture
garden. And it's fucking sick. So we do that from time to time. And we're like leaving and
we're like kind of shit face, right? And I mean, not like shit face, but we're buzzy.
And my wife's like, Oh, do you want to that? That that temple's by here. You want to go check that
out? Because like you hear like they imported like fucking like a billion dollars worth like
forever marble to build it and shit, right? You're really whatever. So like we were like,
yeah, let's check it out. We like pull up and it's like the crazy shit you've ever seen in your entire
life. The crazy. It's insane. There's a tweet. I was like, I don't know how this I don't know
how this is going to go, right? Like I'm going to walk in here and like, you know, I don't know.
But I walked up and they were like, mad, cool, right? They're like, they're like, Hey, check this
shit out. They're like fucking sick, right? And I'm like, I don't even think it worked there.
Yeah, this what I like about in India, honestly, I think there's like a section of every race that's
like this where they like come up to you and they're like, I don't care what you look like.
Like you don't care what I look like, just show me how this shit works. Like show me
what's going on. That's like what any people are like. And it's that's great.
Yeah, it was it was nuts. I had the the meta glasses on. So like, I just walk through there and I was
like taking pictures of shit. And it's like a movie. It's a crazy. It's like, you know how you go
like Disney and like they like recreate like Paris and like you walk through there and you're like,
Oh, wow, right? Like, like, it's like that. But it's like real, not like made out of styrofoam.
Yeah, you should you should look it up Adam. Just it's be there. Yeah, there's a tweet or something.
PS temple, New Jersey, just Google image it. It's like it's outrageous. It's a kind of thing you
expect to see in other countries from like a thousand years ago or something and they built it
in the last like 10 years. Whoa, it's like the most well built thing in New Jersey currently.
That's insane. So it's like a whole city. It's like a whole complex kind of thing. And they have like,
they have like restaurants, stores, yeah, it looks like multiple buildings, community center kind of
thing, movie theaters by volunteers, 12,000 volunteers. No, no, no, no. Okay, so there was a
little bit of a scandal. That's where it gets a little scandal with it where they were charged
with like straight up slavery or something insane like that because I brought over a bunch of people
from India to work on it. And the people were claiming that they were like physically trapped
in the facility, like in the place where they were building it and they were being paid like
$1 a day or something insane. There were allegations of exploitation. Yeah,
I think it ended up, I don't know, I got like smooth over where like it wasn't really that,
but I don't know who knows what's going on. But yeah, man, you're going to build something that
crazy. So surprising, some fucked up shit is going on. It's amazing. Yeah, we're going to have to put
pictures on the show notes or something. This is insane. Have you guys ever used chat GPT voice?
I use it all the time. I got a shortcut button for it on my phone goes right to it.
Yeah, it's just like as I'm leaving there, I'm like, wow, that was really something,
right? Like I have like a 40 minute drive in my house, right? So like popped open chat GPT voice
and I'm like, hey, like what's what's like that whole particular sect all about? Like what's
what's the story here? You know, I want to know more. And it was so cool. I was like,
it like gave me like 20 minutes of material. And it's funny because it like stops and it's like,
um, well, it's not like a robot voice necessarily like it'll do like those like transition noises
in speech, which is it makes it oddly fluid. Yeah, considered like using it for Wikipedia
style, like just like a podcast because chat GPT is super verbose. And that's the thing that
drives me nuts using it for like work stuff. But if it's like, I'm in the car and I just want to
listen to something and having it like read me about something I want to know about, that's
that's an interesting use case. I like it. How the fuck do grain mills work? And you just
I did exactly they if I'm alone in the car, I just like pick some random thing that I want to
like, I've always had a question about it. I don't know how to do it. I just talk back and forth to
it. And it sounds so realistic. Like this is like true from the future. I was doing a
because I just moved to have to go patch up all the holes I made in the other house. So I was like,
just having a conversation about learning how to do it. And I feel like I can show you how to go
do it now. I asked every question that I possibly had. It's a it's great. Yeah, it's it's back
all time home, boy. Yes. So many techniques, though, there's so many different options.
So you got to go like mesh and everything. I don't think I made any holes that big, but I got to see
the mesh is cool. That's like a cool technique. Like who came up with all this shit? There's like
eight different ways you can patch a hole. It's wild. So when we were, you know,
done in a 20 year old degenerates, we rented this house and oh man, we used to like skateboard
in the living room, like go from the kitchen, ollie up onto a table and that kind of thing. And
then I, you know, constantly like punching and things like that. So they were like huge holes
in the wall all the time. And we figured out that you could actually use spackle and fix it with an
empty 30 pack cardboard. You just put on the inside of the wall and then like spackle over it.
You put on the outside of the wall and then outside and then just sand it a little.
It wasn't some fucking immaculate wall to begin with.
You can see like the taping and everything like that, but he provided the structure required
for the spackle tank, sanded a little do a color match on the paint. Speaking the car,
there's really funny thing happened this morning. I'm going to drop my kids off this morning.
I told them I was going to pull up in style. So I played in sync by, by, by. I'm going to like
flip the fuck out. Like, like bad, like trying to get me to turn it off. Like, yeah, like embarrassed.
And I'm like, I'm like, wow, I'm like, how can you be so irrationally angry over the arguably best
boy band of all time? I say that because, you know, there are battery boy camps out there who,
you know, are just itching to disagree passionately. I was a battery boys guy when I was growing up.
I didn't like to think as much. I knew, but I could tell that like I was wrong. I could tell
that everybody else was. I was in like the minority side. Yeah. Yeah. Speaking of battery boys, when
is that Kanye song going to get released? Is it one of those things that's never going to come
out? I think it's on this. It's scheduled for the next one. But I do too. I think it's.
Yeah. I mean, I don't know with him, right? That's like, apparently they were going to be like three
albums and it was going to be like the eighth of each month or some shit. Like for three months straight.
Yeah. So it's like a three part. It's like, it's like,
first vultures one versus two, but I was fucking shocked that it wasn't on regular vultures.
Me too. I was like, seriously. What do you think of that album now?
I mean, I don't know. I really like it. I mean, it's okay, but it's not like
like a Pablo caliber. Yeah. I didn't like it initially, but I just kept playing on loop.
And now I'm super into it. I was like, wasn't doing it a bunch of times.
I like it. I'm just not super into it. It's hard to accept that maybe the peak has happened.
I think everybody's going to fix that. That's going to be that's going to be such a summer banger.
That's true. When that drops. Yeah. Can you imagine me like fucked up in a hot tub?
It's like, oh, you set you up. Yeah. Slam two white clothes together.
Well, I was like, it's 9 a.m. Your kids even listen to music. Are they into that yet?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They listen. They listen to a lot of different music.
You know what they listen to? They listen to like the background music for their TikTok.
Oh, yeah. So like, whatever is, whatever is another TikTok they're into.
They go and find the song and that's like there. That's how they find music now?
Yeah. They're like, it's all the soundtracks, all the shit, right? So like, the one is like really
into like the Stranger Things soundtrack, which is hilarious. It's like a hilarious way to like
sideload classic rock. And then like the other one is like really into Barbie. So like that whole,
I don't know what you would call that music. Was that a, wait, the Barbie soundtrack?
Like the movie for the movie. Yeah, there's a Barbie soundtrack. So I have a record player
in my living room. You know, like one of those ones that has like the speaker built into it.
So it doesn't really bump, right? It just kind of like plays it at like a very casual level.
So like when they, when they're into music, what I'll do is I'll get, we'll get the records.
So we have like a variety of records of, you know, absolutely classic stuff.
Then we have like some, some more recent things, right? That shouldn't even be on records,
but they are like Stranger Things soundtrack. You're the Barbie soundtrack.
One funny thing. That stuff on vinyl. That's awesome. So me and my wife went to a Snoop Dogg concert
and it was fucking awesome. But like there, we ended, we said, oh, we gotta get something for
the kids, right? So we went and got like this, some like Snoop Dogg merch, right? So it was like,
this like Snoop hoodie and like saw some other shit, right? And then my oldest order got like
into Snoop. So now she has the doggy style vinyl. She thinks Snoop is hilarious. We had Snoop on
the Snoop. She has like a, she has a Snoop poster in her room. But it's hard with the merch.
That's how you gotta like, it started with the merch, concept it. Yeah. And you can't just show
them music, right? You need to show them like why it's cool. And then they're like, fuck it. I'll do
the music. I'll take it. Okay, I have a clarifying question. Is Snoop on the, on the stoop? Is that
like elf on the shelf? It's that kind of thing? Like you put him, you just like set him on the
mantel or something. What do you do with him? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Same kind of thing. Yep. And you
see like watching over them and like, is there some story you tell them? No, they're the kids older.
Yeah. Yeah. So I say that Snoop on the stoop watches them. And if they're bad or bad enough
that he's going to, he's going to call some, some lokes to pull up.
Actually, Snoop does Snoop kind of just chills for the most part. He's not like, I don't, you know,
out of respect for Snoop, go and put him in all these elf situations. The other elves, right?
It's like, it's like, oh, look, look, he fucking, you know, is tied to a candy cane on a ceiling fan.
We don't do that with Snoop. I feel like Snoop's everywhere because he did that thing with Martha
Stewart. Yeah. I remember there was a Jeep. This is a long time ago for all this AI voice stuff
came out, but he did a voice for your GPS. And he would say shit like, that's also go round and
round the round about round and round the round about. But yeah, he like, he like does everything.
He like, merchandizes the fuck out of himself. I always wanted that. I wanted like 50 cent.
And you know, like, did you ever play the 50 cent video games? Yeah, dude, those are crazy.
Blood in the sand. Well, I was like, the funniest shit that he would say. He was like,
hey, man, watch the fuck out. Like, usually don't get that video game. Like, that would be so funny
for GPS. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, that'd be great. I mean, now with AI, like, we could probably have
whatever we want. Those video games were insane. I think the entire premise, like he did a show
and like some unspecified Middle Eastern country where they shorted him.
He's going to commit murder over it. He tries to pay him with like a jeweled skull,
which is then taken away by like a third party, who like, he's got to go get the skull from,
but like, they, they run the area. And then yeah, there's like trash cans on fire and he's doing
like front flips, like shooting dudes with like the tally ban outfits. You're like, what the fuck is
going on here? 50 cent blood in the sand. I was like, oh, man, dude, this is like, I swear
it. She was like, I can't tell if it's nostalgia, but I feel like stuff was just more fun back then.
You just get like all this like really weird, wild shit. And I feel like you don't get that
as much anymore. I feel like they're, they're, they're a little bit more decisive about what
they put out. Is there anything more calculated? Yeah, for sure. Like that, that would never have
gotten past all the layers that exist today. Yeah, not today. Yeah. You know, speaking of pretty
sense, I was probably late to rap music, but I still remember into club was a first like rap song
I ever heard. And I was like, holy shit, like what is this? I had never heard anything like that.
Your first exposure to rap? I think so from like, I like have a memory of being like,
Oh, well, yeah, you're like 32, right? Yeah. So into club, I think maybe I was like nine or
something. I was in like high school. I'd say with me, I don't even know what the hell he was saying. I
was like, I think the lyric is like sip Bacardi in the club. I thought that was all one word. I
thought he was just saying some like, I gave it some kind of meaning. It's funny when you go back
and like the lyric is something completely different. You just heard it wrong. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And
it's a kid like I even if I knew the lyrics, like I didn't know they have to sip Bacardi in the club
and stuff. I mean, Ken might have at that age, but I didn't. Hey, this is Chris, podcast editor,
just letting you know the conversation with Ken Wheeler will continue in the next episode.
Here's a little tease of that conversation continued with Ken Wheeler. So what is the answer?
Somebody has the answer, right? Somebody's looking out for this. What are you going to adapt to?
You can adapt to become a plumber. Nobody has money to pay plumbers. And now you have 100 million
new plumbers that just entered like, yeah, oh, that's going to go awesome for plumbers.